This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

GCC RUNTIME LIBRARY EXCEPTION

Version 3.1, 31 March 2009

Copyright Â© 2009 Free Software Foundation, Inc. <http://fsf.org/>

Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this license
document, but changing it is not allowed.

This GCC Runtime Library Exception ("Exception") is an additional permission
under section 7 of the GNU General Public License, version 3 ("GPLv3"). It
applies to a given file (the "Runtime Library") that bears a notice placed by
the copyright holder of the file stating that the file is governed by GPLv3
along with this Exception.

When you use GCC to compile a program, GCC may combine portions of certain GCC
header files and runtime libraries with the compiled program. The purpose of
this Exception is to allow compilation of non-GPL (including proprietary)
programs to use, in this way, the header files and runtime libraries covered by
this Exception.

1. Grant of Additional Permission.

You have permission to propagate a work of Target Code formed by combining the
Runtime Library with Independent Modules, even if such propagation would
otherwise violate the terms of GPLv3, provided that all Target Code was
generated by Eligible Compilation Processes. You may then convey such a
combination under terms of your choice, consistent with the licensing of the
Independent Modules.

2. No Weakening of GCC Copyleft.

The availability of this Exception does not imply any general presumption that
third-party software is unaffected by the copyleft requirements of the license
of GCC.