
PERMISSION & CONDITIONS
This licence does not grant any rights under trademark law and all such
rights are reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of the Font Software, to propagate the Font Software, subject to
the below conditions:

1) Each copy of the Font Software must contain the above copyright
notice and this licence. These can be included either as stand-alone
text files, human-readable headers or in the appropriate machine-
readable metadata fields within text or binary files as long as those
fields can be easily viewed by the user.

2) The font name complies with the following:
(a) The Original Version must retain its name, unmodified.
(b) Modified Versions which are Substantially Changed must be renamed to
avoid use of the name of the Original Version or similar names entirely.
(c) Modified Versions which are not Substantially Changed must be
renamed to both (i) retain the name of the Original Version and (ii) add
additional naming elements to distinguish the Modified Version from the
Original Version. The name of such Modified Versions must be the name of
the Original Version, with "derivative X" where X represents the name of
the new work, appended to that name.

3) The name(s) of the Copyright Holder(s) and any contributor to the
Font Software shall not be used to promote, endorse or advertise any
Modified Version, except (i) as required by this licence, (ii) to
acknowledge the contribution(s) of the Copyright Holder(s) or (iii) with
their explicit written permission.

4) The Font Software, modified or unmodified, in part or in whole, must
be distributed entirely under this licence, and must not be distributed
under any other licence. The requirement for fonts to remain under this
licence does not affect any document created using the Font Software,
except any version of the Font Software extracted from a document
created using the Font Software may only be distributed under this
licence.

TERMINATION
This licence becomes null and void if any of the above conditions are
not met.

DISCLAIMER
THE FONT SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF
COPYRIGHT, PATENT, TRADEMARK, OR OTHER RIGHT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
COPYRIGHT HOLDER BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE FONT SOFTWARE OR FROM OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE FONT SOFTWARE.
